Improve Docs (#177)
neo4j-contrib/neo4j-spark-connector: doc/docs/modules/ROOT/pages/reading.adoc

The struct of the Dataset returned by the query is influenced by the query itself,
in this particular context it could happen that the connector won't be able to sample the Schema from the query,
in these cases we suggest trying with the option `schema.strategy` set to `string` as described <<bookmark-string-strategy,here>>.

==== Schema
The first 10 (or any number specified by the `schema.flatten.limit` option) results will be flattened and the schema will be created from those properties.

[[bookmark-read-node]]
=== Node

You can read nodes by specifiying a single label, or multiple labels. Like so:

.Single label
[source,scala]
----
import org.apache.spark.sql.{SaveMode, SparkSession}

val spark = SparkSession.builder().getOrCreate()

spark.read.format("org.neo4j.spark.DataSource")
  .option("url", "bolt://localhost:7687")
  .option("labels", "Person")
  .load()
----

.Multiple label
[source,scala]
----
import org.apache.spark.sql.{SaveMode, SparkSession}

val spark = SparkSession.builder().getOrCreate()

spark.read.format("org.neo4j.spark.DataSource")
  .option("url", "bolt://localhost:7687")
  .option("labels", "Person:Customer:Confirmed")
  .load()
----

[NOTE]

> Label list can be speficied both with starting color or without it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Label list can be specified both with starting colon or without it:
```

(Sorry about the drive-by comment. I just looked at the main README and it looked outdated talking about Neo4j 3 and Spark 2 but then I spotted this PR and I'm very happy. Thanks for the work on the 4.0 Connector!)
